What if the climate cooled,
tensions thawed and the
sky was a clear blue?
What if power outages were a thing of
the past and our businesses were
future ready?
What if our digital footprints were no
more dangerous than our physical
ones and the only limits to a better
world were the limits of our own
imagination? What if this weren't
just a pipe dream,
but a possibility,
even a promise?
Because while prosperity
is an ambition,
not a guarantee,
progress awaits and technology is the
most powerful tool humanity has.
With technology,
we can build a digital blueprint
for a better world.
Where AI enabled smart grids accelerate
the energy transition and the
products we buy exceed our
increasing expectations.
Where electrified transportation
is not only sustainable,
but also efficient,
consistent, resilient.
Where buildings self optimize,
healthcare is personalized and the next
big idea is just one leap away.
This is what's possible when data combines
with advanced technologies to
reveal industrial insights.
And those insights enable us to
decarbonize our communities.
It's the promise of software defined machines
that adapt to ever changing
conditions and give us
ever better goods.
Robots that pick and pack with human
like precision and co pilots who
understand and advise so humans are free
to do the work that only humans
can do.
It's the power of industrial AI fundamentally
transforming the way we
commute, consume,
create, play,
work. It is the impact of Siemens,
our ecosystem of partners,
our customers together using the best
of digital innovation to create a
better real world today and for
every day that follows.
This is technology to transform
the everyday for everyone.
Please welcome to the
stage Peter Curta.
Well, good afternoon.
It's great to be here at
CES with you this year.
Last year we were at CS to talk about
the industrial metaverse,
about the three building blocks,
what it takes to build it.
We talked about physics
based digital twins,
software defined automation
and we spoke about AI.
Now this year we are here because we
know that on everybody's mind is.
Is AI overhyped?
And we'll show you today that the
answer to that very question is
absolutely not.
Why? Because AI is going to create real
impact across all the industries
that we at Siemens serve today.
We have a lot of news to share with
you in the next few 40 minutes.
So we're going to start and talk about
announcing five new AI powered
products that will help our customers
to solve real world problems.
We're going to talk about a very exciting
partnership with Jet Zero to
completely reimagine air travel.
And we're going to talk about collaborations
with our ecosystem partners
to scale our impact.
So incremental change,
iterative Innovation is a natural
human inclination.
But in the face of an environmental
crisis,
of geopolitical instability and
shortage of skilled labor,
we don't need steps,
we need leaps.
And at Siemens,
we are giving our customers the confidence
to take those leaps by
fundamentally transform the
way how industry operates.
And the way we gonna do that
is through industrial AI.
So what is so special
about industrial AI?
Well, if your regular AI gets the
tone of your email wrong,
that's one thing.
But think about it,
if the AI gets the programming
of a machine wrong,
or a medical diagnosis wrong,
or even the management of
an energy grid wrong,
the consequences can be
outright catastrophic.
So therefore,
industrial AI needs to be safe,
it needs to be reliable,
and it needs to be trustworthy.
And as you all know,
AI needs data,
a lot of data.
And turns out,
as you probably have read that for training
these large language models,
we are about to run out
of data to train them.
But in the industrial world,
it's a very different thing.
Not sure if you know,
but there are 17 billion smart
devices out there,
twice the population we
have on this planet.
And that number is going to grow
by almost 20% every year.
And these devices,
they're going to generate an
enormous amount of data,
a rapidly increasing amount of data about
the products we use and about
the world that we live in.
This is a huge data treasure.
Except 80% today is not used.
It's valuable data,
wasted. But with industrial AI,
we can turn this data into impact and
we can turn it into real value.
That's why we are absolutely convinced
that industrial AI is going to be
the game changer going forward.
In fact,
today already we have more than 30
AI powered applications with real
world impact.
And let me give you a few examples.
Take buildings.
As you all know,
we spend 90% of our
time in buildings.
And with industrial AI,
we're making these buildings
more efficient,
we make them more comfortable and we
make them better for the planet.
But how?
Well, as just one example,
we take our AI powered offerings to manage
cooling systems and thereby we
reduce energy use and carbon
emissions by 30%.
Or take energy grids.
You probably know that the demand for
electricity is expected to double
in the coming years,
while the share at the same time of
variable renewable energy sources
like wind and solar is rising too.
And for grid operators,
that means a significant challenge.
But with industrial AI,
we can help them to increase grid
capacity by 30% and manage that
fluctuating nature of those
energy sources.
Without AI,
this energy transition
could not happen.
And then lastly,
take factories and there's a lot
of Talk about factories.
Because there's an enormous amount
of shortage of skilled labor.
The people with the expertise to program
or maintain the machines on the
shop floor,
they are leaving the workforce.
Since 2019,
the average factory worker's level
of experience has dropped from 20
years down to three years.
Three years.
And American manufacturing
executives,
they have unsurprisingly seen a corresponding
downturn in output.
Industrial productivity down 10%,
product recalls up 33% and workplace
fatalities up 9%.
So imagine you are a new employee
and it's your second week.
You're working the graveyard shift on
a Sunday morning in a factory and
suddenly the machine
in front of you,
it breaks down and the
line stands still.
You look around,
there's no colleague to call and
there's no manager to address.
That is exactly the perfect place where
industrial AI and technology can
help. So specifically,
Siemens has developed together
with Microsoft,
the Siemens Industrial Co Pilot.
The Siemens Industrial Copilot functions
pretty much like a human
colleague. It's a smart,
experienced human colleague,
except it's available 247 and it
helps you set up your machine,
to program it and to
troubleshoot it.
Already more than a hundred companies
are using the Siemens Industrial
Copilot, which is the first gen
AI powered assistant designed
specifically for an industrial environment
because it is safe,
reliable and it is trustworthy.
So it enables workers to make
these better decisions,
smarter decisions.
And we want to scale this technology
because we want to ensure that all
customers can have access to the Industrial
Copilot wherever they want to
have it.
Today they can run it.
The Siemens Industrial
Copilot in the cloud.
This is where we started.
But we know that many industrial companies
don't want to have their
sensitive data to leave the
safety of their factory.
So we made the copilot available
on premise 2.
And now I'm very pleased to share our
first product announcement of the
day. That is,
we are bringing the Industrial Copilot
down to the industrial edge.
So by bringing it to
that shop floor,
it means that the device sits right
beside our customer machines.
And with the Copilot on the edge,
the data processed right there
on the factory floor.
And thanks to our partnership
with Nvidia,
we bring high performance compute with
GPUs down to the shop floor.
And that means that our customer sensitive
data is always secure,
latency is much,
much lower and the costs
are lower too.
So these are just a very few examples
of the many we could show and share
with you today of how we are using
industrial AI to make real world
impact. So yes,
AI is a lot More than just hype.
And you get even greater value if you
combine industrial AI with other
technologies such as digital twins.
And therefore,
I want to bring out one of our customers
who is doing exactly that.
So please everyone welcome the co
founder and the CEO of JetZero,
Tom O'Leary.
Hey, Tom.
How are you,
Peter?
I'm great.
How do you feel?
Fantastic. So happy to be here.
We are too,
because I have to say,
we talked about we want to
take leaps and not steps.
And that's exactly what
you're doing.
Actually at Jet Zero,
you are fundamentally changing the
way we think about air travel.
So that's why we're very thrilled
to have you here.
And maybe you can tell us a little bit
about this airplane that we see in
the back,
because not sure about you,
but the airplane I came looks very
different to the one that we're
looking here.
Yeah, absolutely.
So happy to share this with you.
Really. When you look
at this airplane,
the shape is the new technology.
So, you know,
it's brand new.
From tip to tail,
though, from the avionics
to the engines.
We're using really existing systems.
And that's so we can speed
its entry into market.
Because really why we want to bring
this to the market is the shape
allows us to address everything
that the market demands,
what our customers demand
at the airlines.
Right. And that is with
a blended wing,
you can have an incredible
step change,
a jump in efficiency.
That's what our airlines need most.
They know that this shape allows us to
change everything for the better,
whether it be better performance,
better comfort,
and they need us to do that seamlessly
within the infrastructure and the
environment that they operate
planes in today.
So this plane is just what
the doctor ordered.
Looks terrific.
Now I would think that to build
something like this,
I mean,
it's still.
you're about to build it.
You need a lot of technology,
cutting edge technology.
And you choose Siemens as
your technology partner.
So share with us why that is.
Yeah, this is an incredible
challenge.
It's an incredibly big and bold challenge
to bring a new commercial plane
to market.
Right. So we needed the best and
of course we wanted to partner.
We have to build this new shape at high
rate because the demand is going
to be high.
And so we wanted to partner with the
global leader in manufacturing
technology, but it goes so
much further than that.
Right? Because it's about
the technology,
the design,
and also the technology to
make those designs real,
from the twin into manufacturing
for automation.
So Siemens offers us the power of
a fully integrated platform.
It can't be understated how important
that is for a company like Jet Zero
to realize this bold vision.
So we need to gain insights,
we need to look at full scale production
before we ever put a shovel into
the ground and build
that first factory.
So together we're going to create a roadmap
that's going to lead us from
engineering design all the way
to full rate production.
Which is exactly the challenge we always
look at as a technology company.
And that's why we are very glad to
announce today that Jet Zero and
Siemens, we're coming together and
we've signed an agreement on the
technology that will revolutionize
the future of air travel.
Absolutely.
So we are very happy about that and maybe
we talk about that very future
because your blended wing aircraft
is due to debut already by 2030.
So that sounds rather ambitious.
Yeah, 2030 is right around the
corner really from developing
manufacturing and so forth.
It's coming soon.
So the only way for us to get there
and collapse the timeframe is with
industrial AI.
I mean this is so,
so critical.
It's going to help us get there.
You know,
ultimately we're engineering
a product for our,
our customers,
the airlines,
and that will improve
their performance.
Industrial AI is going to
do the same for us.
That's, that's what we as customers
to Siemens look for.
So Siemens is already providing us all
the fundamentals that we use today
for, for design tools,
digital twin,
digital thread,
all the way through to building
a factory of the future.
It is the backbone for us.
But our vision is that Siemens will
be a partner to show us how AI is
going to inform and really even just
accelerate everything that we're
doing from the design all the way
through to the manufacturing.
What we like a lot about what you're doing
is that you want to create the
world's first aircraft that
is fully digital,
meaning from digital design to digital
production to digital maintenance.
And maybe you can talk us through
about also starting with design,
what that really means for you.
This is a great big challenge,
right. Because we're entering
a very mature space.
Right. So this digital twin is a strategic
competitive advantage for us
to be able to begin with the end in
mind and effectively create a
simulation virtually.
We can de risk the manufacturing process
kind of what you showed there
and we'll see more.
It's going to let us validate our approach
and scale our processes long
before we take these planes to the skies
and before we break ground in a
factory. This is an incredible,
it's basically a leap forward right
off the starting block when you're
building something from scratch.
So thrilled about it.
So you spoke about that very digital
twin and we have to think about
that. You actually can also immerse
yourself in there so that you can
start to design,
collaborate, explore that product with
many people around the globe.
Yeah, this is so important for
us as a distributed company.
We started the company in Covid,
we had no facilities,
everybody was distributed globally.
So this is so critical to what we do.
So then last year at ces,
we showed a groundbreaking new product
that can enable exactly this kind
of immersiveness,
which is the Sony head mounted display
for immersive engineering.
And the great news also today
is that very device,
while pre showed last year,
it's now available for purchase.
And this mixed reality headset,
it enables the next generation
of 3D content creation.
It's built on a Qualcomm Snapdragon
XR2 Gen 2 platform,
which gives us the compute that
we need to make it seamless.
It has two 1.3-inch OLED micro
displays with 4K resolution,
which means it pretty much matches
the precision of the human eye.
And, and with the two precise
finger controllers,
it's very intuitively to manipulate
and to design these 3D models.
There's four tracking sensors to detract
the spatial information.
And the haptics are amazing because they
really feel incredibly natural
in that very mixed reality
experience.
And I only can invite you to test
it because the headsets are very
comfortable that you can wear
them also for extended use.
And these headsets were originally
developed by Sony for their own
engineers, engineers who used our Siemens
software at the time and still
do, to design the Sony products.
But the Sony folks,
they got so excited about that that they
found the immersive experience
so beneficial.
They partnered with us so that we also
can offer it to our customers.
So customers now like
Jet Zero and Tom.
Therefore, the question is,
how would you envision to use such a
device as the son head mounted this
plane, we.
Just can't wait to get our hands on
it and utilize it for effectively
everything. I mean,
that's really the plan for us.
So maintenance,
manufacturing, inspections,
and we want to accelerate that.
On the way here,
I stayed on the tarmac for an extra two
hours because they had to make a
small minor repair.
And then it was really the paperwork
that we were waiting for.
So we're looking for a world of maintenance
where these type of devices
can be huge.
But really productivity improves in the
design process when engineers can
engage at human scale and
collaborate globally.
So where colleagues can access the
Information and the designs from
anywhere in the world and collaborate
from any of the world.
The speed and insight that
this provides us,
it's going to have an extraordinary
influence on how we design the
airplane and how we mature the,
the whole design process.
That's great.
So that's all about the
design process,
but we also talk about the factory.
So how are we going to build that?
So I understand that that blended
wing aircraft that we built at a
factory right here in
the United States.
Any, any,
any news to share where that is,
that factory?
We can't share that just yet,
but we have been going through
a rigorous process.
It's going to be here in
the United States.
The Air Force is one
of our customers.
That was,
that was something that they
were particularly keen on,
is making sure that we were building
our factory here in the United
States. But it's going to be a fantastic
state of the art facility that
we're relying heavily on Siemens
expertise to help us build.
Great. End of the first quarter.
End of the first quarter.
All right,
within the first quarter we'll announce
the state where we're putting the
factory.
Now for us,
that very factory is very exciting
because we also want to bring our
customers, customers there and to show
them how hardware software is
really working together and can
create additional value.
So tell us a bit about that factory,
Tom, if you would.
Well, I mean really the impact for
the environment for this plane is
going to be significant.
But what we'll be able to do is use automation
and digital tools to adapt
quickly to the changing demands.
I mean,
this is going to be a
next gen factory.
So interconnectivity to the production
line is key really.
We're just looking forward to being
so much more agile because of the
software and the hardware
that are tied together.
This kind of digitally native design
through to manufacturing that we're
doing is just simply not available
through legacy systems.
It's a step forward.
So that's a great advantage that
we look forward to being the
beneficiaries of.
That's great.
And exactly that's what
we want to do.
So we want to bring many of our customers
there so that they can see and
then believe really what is actually
possible to bring all of this
together. And since you've
been a Tesla,
you know pretty well of how important
that is to scale up and already
think about in the very early design
process about the design for
manufacturing.
Absolutely. We're just,
you know,
lather, rinse,
repeat. We're deploying those same sorts
of principles as we work on jet
Zero.
That's great.
So may I shift gears
to sustainability?
So Jet zero,
obviously is all about zero,
I would imagine,
on carbon.
And we know that aviation is a contributor
to greenhouse gas emissions.
And the blended wing aircraft
actually has,
I guess,
a lot of advantages to get us there.
Yeah. This is a much more pragmatic approach
to how we get to zero carbon
emissions, or net zero,
which our name implies.
Right. That that's the
ultimate goal.
And we feel that goal is inevitable.
It's a matter of,
you know,
what, what kind of time horizon.
But the question is,
what's the first move forward?
Right.
And so we can get to a 50% improvement
by lowering fuel burn by 50% with
this design,
and then that's going to enable us to
move to more sustainable fuels.
But really,
all those solutions that get us all the
way to net zero and then absolute
zero, those all come at a premium.
So the first thing you do
is lower that burden.
So this design is really the
first way to do that.
That's fantastic.
So we are convinced this is
the right way of going.
So you have a clear vision of where the
shape of air travel is going to
go, and we have a clear vision of
where that technology is needed,
where that is going to go.
And together,
obviously, we can realize
that very vision.
Agreed. We're so happy to be partnered
with Siemens on this.
Again. For us,
it's so important to be partnered with
the global leader in manufacturing
technology. And we're just grateful for
your time and interest in helping
us do what we need to do
to achieve our vision.
Thank you,
Tom. For us at Siemens,
it really is a big pleasure.
It's very exciting to revolutionize
the way we all travel on these
aircrafts every day.
And it's have been exciting and
a privilege to have you here.
Great.
Thank you.
Thank you,
Tom. Now you just heard about how
Jet Zero is going to use Siemens
technologies to transform
air travel.
And these technologies are available
on Siemens Xcelerator,
which is our open digital
business platform.
And in many ways,
the world runs on Siemens Xcelerator
because every carmaker,
including all the leading
global EV manufacturers,
they use it.
All the top 12 global aerospace and
defense companies use Siemens
accelerator and as do 100%
of uncrewed spaceflight.
Eight of the top 10 consumer companies
and eight of the top 10 battery
suppliers are Siemens customers.
And as a matter of fact,
when you leave here,
you might hear from Samsung or you
may go to Panasonic's keynote.
So what happens?
These are Siemens customers.
In fact,
every single customer company that is
delivering a CAS keynote here is
either our customer or our partner.
And that's why we love that the biggest
companies are actually using
Siemens Xcelerator to
achieve their goals.
But what about the smaller ones?
And this is where we also have news to
share because like with Jet Zero,
we want to bring that
also to startups.
Today we launch our Siemens for Startups
program because we want our
technologies, our expertise in our
ecosystem to be accessible to
companies of every size.
Through this program,
early stage startups,
they get access to essential Siemens
offerings and accelerator at a
significantly reduced price.
So 90% off in the first year,
80% in the second and 70% in the third
and occasionally even more.
And our partner AWS,
they will also give program participants
another $5,000 in AWS credit for
cloud computing.
So with that,
everything about the Siemens startup
program is designed to help the
startups scale.
And startups like the ones you are able
to see at our booths and there
you're going to find companies
like Arc Boats,
they are out there to electrify the
marine industry or Spinover,
which is a Finnish startup that
turns wood pulp and waste into
sustainable textiles.
Bayard Water,
which lowers the cost and carbon footprint
of clean water and desert
control, good stuff which is
making arid land fertile.
So founders,
they can apply there for the Siemens
for Startup program right now and
you can learn more about it if you go
over to our booth in Eureka Park.
So the world's biggest companies,
they are using Siemens technologies
and now the world's smallest
companies are also going to
use our technologies.
And just recently the Nvidia
CEO Jensen Huang,
he said,
well Siemens actually has become the
operating system for industry.
And to tell you more about how we are
enabling our customer success and
to share some more very exciting
announcements,
I'm very pleased to welcome my
colleague Tony Hemmelgarn.
Thanks Peter.
So Peter referenced this operating
system for the industry.
I'm excited to be here today because I
get to talk to you about how we're
strengthening and expanding the technologies
that are part of Siemens
xcelerator. So we're not just throwing
a bunch of tech together,
we're doing this to help build out this
physics based digital twin that
Peter referenced.
And over the next few minutes hopefully
I can better explain what we mean
by this physics based digital twin
and what it really means to our
customers. It's very valuable to be
able to link that digital world to
the real world.
And the closer you can make
that relationship,
the more valuable it is for our customers
because they need factories
that can respond to really
real time conditions.
They want processes that can self
optimize in the moment.
They need answers to very,
very complex questions.
And some argue that the way to deal with
all this complexity is to reduce
the complexity,
but that's not realistic.
Products are becoming more complex.
The manufacturing processes
for them are more complex,
as you just heard in what's going on
with some of the technology that's
available today.
So we think differently.
We think we can have our customers
use complexity as a competitive
advantage. Use complexity as
a competitive advantage.
What do we mean by that?
If you've got all this complexity,
you need to be able to make decisions
very quickly and with confidence.
If you get enough digital
representation,
that real linkage to the digital,
if you can get that close enough,
you can move really,
really quick and go through
that complexity.
You know,
we just heard about Jet Zero talking
about what they're doing in
aviation. And it makes me think
about the Wright brothers.
Theirs was not a step,
it was a leap,
a leap of faith.
Can you imagine you're standing on the
edge of that hill and you're about
to do that first flight.
Is this aircraft going to hold
together structurally?
Is the engine going to keep running?
What if it's a windy day?
What's that wind going to do to the
effects of the airflow across the
wings of that plane?
I wonder the Wright brothers,
what their experience would have been
if they could have used some of the
technology we're talking
about today.
So today,
for example,
we're introducing a new copilot
specifically for designers.
This is one of many copilots that
we're doing with Microsoft.
Microsoft brings the platform,
we bring the industrial data.
It's a very powerful combination to
be able to bring those worlds
together. We gather critical
customer knowledge,
as Peter referenced.
We keep it private to that customer,
but we use all of the data,
the knowledge of that customer,
along with our industry knowledge,
to be able to help our customers.
So when the Wright brothers
were designing,
they had many risks to think about,
many questions.
I wonder if the copilot
could have helped.
For example,
let's say we've got a
part on the plane.
We want to reduce the weight of that
part for the flight that we're
doing. But I got to know
it's strong enough.
Could it hold a thousand newtons?
Could it withstand 1000 newtons of
pressure or force on this part?
So to give you an example
of what we mean by that,
we've got a copilot,
we've got a part here,
and I simply ask the question Look,
I want to do analytics on this part.
The Copilot software
looks at the part,
does a little bit of
analytics and says,
okay, well based on what we see,
you've got four holes.
I assume those holes are where you're
going to fasten or hold the part.
And the green is where the
load will be applied,
that force that we spoke about.
The software then runs an analysis on
it and you can see it comes back
and it shows me it's not
really that stressful.
In fact,
you've got a part that's
probably too safe,
meaning it's too heavy.
So what do we do?
We say,
well, the software says,
do you want to optimize it?
And again,
all I do is say,
yes, optimize the part.
So it optimizes and then it comes
back with a different shape,
software design shape that says,
you know what,
I made it a lot lighter,
but it's just as strong.
So think about,
these are the kind of decisions you can
make in the virtual world to move
faster with a lot less cost to be able
to do these types of things.
Another example in the
automotive industry,
for example,
the Copilot can help you with trade off
decisions because we've got this
physics based digital twin.
In this case,
the designer wants to reduce weight
as well on this vehicle,
but also not risk the structural
integrity of the vehicle.
So I asked the question,
hey, what are the materials
used in this thing?
It shows me.
And then I said,
well, you know,
what are there alternative
materials I could use?
And by the way,
while you're doing that,
could you tell me which ones are more
sustainable and how I do that?
And again,
we're leveraging all of the knowledge
of the company and the individuals
to be able to bring that and
to be able to make these,
answer these kind of questions.
Another example,
I'm a designer and even if
I had an advanced user,
I still can't know everything
about every domain.
So I might just ask simple questions
or I need to have a refresher.
I don't know all of the
things I need to know.
In this case,
I'm asking questions about
structural and styling.
What do I need to know about doing the
styling and the structure of this
vehicle? And so really what we're doing
is bringing all this knowledge
together to be able to do that.
And while these chatbots
are quite interesting,
there's a lot more to it that
we're bringing to this.
For example,
when you think about what we're
doing with industrial AI,
industrial data and industrial
use cases.
So for Example,
we think about AI in
kind of three ways.
First is analyze.
I'm just going to help
you do your task.
You're a new employee,
you don't know exactly how
to do these things.
I bring all the knowledge of
the company to help you,
to run you through.
That's analyze.
I can optimize,
make recommendations about how I should
work the design trade off.
Maybe I make a trade off between sustainability
and the cost that's
associated with that sustainability.
Effort that I have then
finally is generate,
you know,
what I describe what I want,
let the software build it for me and
see what it comes back with.
So AI needs the data to
be able to do this.
And Siemens has a very unique advantage
in that our software brings a lot
of data through our applications that
we do to be able to design,
build, whatever.
But also we run many of the factories
in the world with our automation
capabilities. So all of that data is what
we bring together to be able to
solve some of these very
difficult problems.
And again,
for AI to be effective,
you need a physics based
digital twin.
And while I believe we do this better
than anybody in the world,
you're never really finished bringing
those worlds closer together.
And what do I mean by this comprehensive
digital twin or physics based
digital twin?
Think about some of the
parts we've discussed.
You've got a plane,
you've got the headset,
just simple examples,
things you deal with every day.
If you're a digital twin can only do
the mechanical design and can't do
anything with electrical.
You really don't have
a digital twin,
do you?
And then you've got to think about software
and then you've got to think
about the manufacturing engineering,
the manufacturing planning of the
factory that's going to do it.
And then you've got to
run the factory.
If you take any of those pieces out,
you really don't have
a digital twin.
So you can't make those
decisions fast,
you can't go in confidence,
and you can't leverage complexity
as a competitive advantage.
That's what we bring
to our customers.
And so when we started
building this out,
we said,
well, what other things could we do?
We've been a leader in computer aided
simulation for over a decade,
but we recently announced an agreement
to expand on this with Altair
Engineering. Altair provides capabilities
for simulation.
It's a $10 billion acquisition,
the largest acquisition we've ever
done in the history of Siemens.
And what they bring to us is,
you saw earlier when
I took that part,
I said,
make it lighter,
make sure I Keep the strength there.
Altair then helps us understand other
things that happen in the real
world. For example,
if I drop my phone,
what happens?
How can I simulate that?
I can simulate a crash of a vehicle
and know exactly how the vehicle's
going to respond.
These are the things that
they bring to us.
So no other company can provide as
much valuable data and insight to
their customers through a
digital twin as Siemens.
It's the reason so many people select
us for our software and our
solutions that we have today.
I'm also excited about to talk about
a partnership we have with IBM and
Accenture. What we're doing here is
creating a design and verification
environment for software
defined vehicles.
More and more products,
software is in that software defined
vehicle is a term used by very much
today in the automotive business.
And what happens here is when you're
developing a product that has
software and hardware together,
they develop at different paces.
The problem is you need to have a relationship
between those two things
because they are related.
You've got to understand that linkage
that's there as you go forward.
Consider, for example,
the Sony headset.
When we're building this thing,
we build it for work in
an office environment.
But now we're thinking,
well, what if we go
into the factory?
Well, the sound in the headset is going
to have to be amplified because
the factory's noisier now.
You need more power.
Is the integrated circuit going
to be able to handle that?
Right. So you've got to think
about those things.
You've got to think about electromagnetic
interference in the factory.
You don't want to discover or find
that problem after you've started
fabrication of an integrated
circuit onto a wafer.
If you find it at that point,
it's extremely expensive.
We want to make sure we can do that
up front as you do the design
process. And as more and more companies
are developing their own
integrated circuits,
particularly even in
automotive today,
they want to do this all up front.
We call it shift left.
Find the problems early so you can make
sure that you're not doing it
late in the design and manufacturing
process.
So what we've done with Accenture,
with IBM is we've defined a framework
that allows our customers,
a cloud based solution to
be able to do this,
to move quickly.
Because we find we've built a way
to do end to end traceability.
You make a change in the
hardware software,
we can trace the two back together and
show exactly how you make those
decisions. We're helping our automotive
companies get the software right
faster and get it out
with better quality.
Again, it's an enabling factor.
That's not just a step,
but a leap when you think about where
we're taking that with our
customers. And by the way,
you can see some of this at our booth
and see some of the demos at our
booths here at CES and what we're
doing with this technology.
Peter spoke about startup companies.
And I suppose if you think about it,
the Wright brothers were the
ultimate startup company,
right? Not a lot of capital,
gotta be agile,
gotta move fairly quickly.
And so what we're doing is to
help startup companies,
we're introducing a product
called Design Center.
What we do at Design center is we
take our authoring capabilities.
We have a tool called NX
for solid modeling.
We've got Solid Edge.
We've got other types of tools that
we use that are cloud based and so
forth that allow our customers to be
able to grow with us and their data
grows with them as we go forward.
What do I mean by that?
Oftentimes a startup company will select
a piece of software and it works
really well as the startup.
And then as you start growing
and expanding,
you need more.
And oftentimes what happens then is you've
got a major revolution you go
through. You've got to migrate data.
You got all kinds of things
you have to deal with.
We wanted to make sure that we don't
have that with our customers.
So with companies like Jet,
Zero can start quite small
and as they grow,
really what we have is zero
interruption of the data.
The data can move back and forth through
that entire process and make
sure that we guarantee that it's an evolution
rather than a revolution in
the way you deal with the software.
It also works for large companies with
their supply chains to be able to
integrate because they could
be very small companies.
You want to make sure the data you
produce in those companies is
compatible with the larger companies
all the way through.
Design center is the way we
will solve that problem.
By the way,
every one of those Sony headsets that
we ship to our customer will have
these design capabilities included with
the headset as we go forward.
We're also here today to talk about
our Team Center Digital Reality
Viewer. We bring the digital twin.
Again, we bring the digital
twin to the process.
Nvidia makes it look photorealistic.
I'll show you some examples of
how we think about that.
If you think about 3D modeling
over the years,
really you interacted with models that
were kind of in basic colors.
When you think about how you view the
product or view what's going on
with the colors in this case.
So, for example,
an automobile,
if I want to see it in a
photorealistic mode,
in the past,
you would go to a special
room called a cave,
and the cave would have these projection
screens on the walls,
the ceilings,
everything else.
And you could say,
well, look,
I want to see what the sun looks like
hitting a body panel or whatever.
But it was a very expensive process because
you had to go to this room to
do it.
And by then you're limited.
Only a few people got to go.
We looked at it and we said,
why are we not making this available
to everyone all the time?
That's the work we've done with Nvidia
to be able to give it and provide
the access to this anywhere.
And you can see the digital twin,
a real model.
Every nut,
bolt, screw of the thing is modeled.
You know exactly how it's
going to go together.
And then Nvidia helps us put it in
the background and makes it look,
you know,
photorealistic as you go forward.
So we've talked about
this digital twin,
the physics behind it,
the idea of how we bring
it all together,
how we leverage AI on top of this,
Peter's going to take the next step and
shall we bring all these pieces
together to really start making decisions
a lot faster with our
customers? Thank you so much.
Thank you.
So when we add industrial AI to the
technologies that Tony just talked
about, like the most comprehensive
digital twin,
we're actually able to accelerate
our path to,
yes, the industrial metaverse.
And that means that you not only get
the experience to get into your
factory in a digital world,
optimizing it for the real world
just a thousand times faster,
you also get the opportunity to
ask questions along the way.
So let's come back to
our factory example,
our factory worker.
Let's assume you're the plant manager
and you are taking over in the
morning and you actually want to know
what happened there last night?
And was actually everything
properly corrected?
And these plan managers now,
they are able to get these answers
and insights in real time.
And the only reason why that is possible
is all because of the industrial
AI that works in the
background of this.
And at Siemens,
we are the leader in industrial AI.
And let me give you the three
reasons why we think so.
For one,
Tony spoke about that we
have access to data,
and not just any data,
but specifically to very
relevant data.
Every third machine today in the world
that is on the shop floor can be
connected through Siemens controls,
and we manage more design data
than anyone else out there.
In the world with our lifecycle
management software.
So we have access to design and automation
data like no one else.
Second, it's not just
about the data,
actually you have to have deep industrial
know how to make that very data
useful because you have to understand
the pain points and the use cases
of every single industry
that we serve,
like the cooling systems in the buildings
I referenced earlier.
And today we serve more than 25
industries from automotive,
aerospace, to pharma,
semiconductor, oil and
gas utilities,
you name it.
So we bring that deep understanding of
what really drives our customers.
And then lastly,
let me emphasize,
AI is not new.
We have built industrial AI already
for decades and today we have more
than 1,500 AI experts and we have a patent
portfolio of more than 3,000
AI patents spanning everything from generative
AI to neural networks to
machine learning to blends of it
again all coming together.
And we see how this technology has the
potential to change the world for
the better.
And that's why we are uniquely equipped
to deliver that piece in the
industrial world.
So today you heard about Jet Zero and
why Jet Zero chose Siemens as its
technology partner.
Because we are the only company that
can deliver the full set of
technologies all the way from engineering
to production that they need to
transform air travel.
Thank you Tom for that.
And you heard a lot about new technologies
that we're going to introduce
this year.
Technologies such as the ones that you
saw like the Siemens Industrial
Copilot now also being available
on the industrial edge.
You saw the Sony Head mounted display
for Immersive engineering,
the NXX Design Copilot Design center
for Small and Large and Team Center
Digital Reality Viewer.
So all of these technologies enable companies
big and small to make those
leaps that we need those leaps
to become more competitive,
more sustainable and more resilient.
And that is technology that transform
the everyday for everyone.
Thank you.